com/example/foodapp/Models/Metric.java
 com.example.foodapp.Models.Metric
com/example/foodapp/Models/ProductMatch.java
 com.example.foodapp.Models.ProductMatch
com/example/foodapp/Listeners/RandomRecipeResponseListener.java
 com.example.foodapp.Listeners.RandomRecipeResponseListener
com/example/foodapp/Adapters/IngredientsAdapter.java
 com.example.foodapp.Adapters.IngredientsAdapter
 com.example.foodapp.Adapters.IngredientsViewHoder
com/example/foodapp/Models/RecipeDetailsResponse.java
 com.example.foodapp.Models.RecipeDetailsResponse
com/example/foodapp/Models/Measures.java
 com.example.foodapp.Models.Measures
com/example/foodapp/Models/Equipment.java
 com.example.foodapp.Models.Equipment
com/example/foodapp/Models/WinePairing.java
 com.example.foodapp.Models.WinePairing
com/example/foodapp/Listeners/RecipeClickListener.java
 com.example.foodapp.Listeners.RecipeClickListener
com/example/foodapp/Models/Step.java
 com.example.foodapp.Models.Step
com/example/foodapp/Models/AnalyzedInstruction.java
 com.example.foodapp.Models.AnalyzedInstruction
com/example/foodapp/Models/Recipe.java
 com.example.foodapp.Models.Recipe
com/example/foodapp/Models/Us.java
 com.example.foodapp.Models.Us
com/example/foodapp/Models/ExtendedIngredient.java
 com.example.foodapp.Models.ExtendedIngredient
com/example/foodapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.foodapp.BuildConfig
com/example/foodapp/Models/RandomRecipeApiResponse.java
 com.example.foodapp.Models.RandomRecipeApiResponse
com/example/foodapp/Models/Ingredient.java
 com.example.foodapp.Models.Ingredient
com/example/foodapp/Adapters/RandomRecipeAdapter.java
 com.example.foodapp.Adapters.RandomRecipeAdapter
 com.example.foodapp.Adapters.RandomRecipeAdapter$1
 com.example.foodapp.Adapters.RandomRecipeViewHolder
com/example/foodapp/RequestManager.java
 com.example.foodapp.RequestManager
 com.example.foodapp.RequestManager$1
 com.example.foodapp.RequestManager$2
 com.example.foodapp.RequestManager$CallRandomRecipes
 com.example.foodapp.RequestManager$CallRecipeDetails
com/example/foodapp/MainActivity.java
 com.example.foodapp.MainActivity
 com.example.foodapp.MainActivity$1
 com.example.foodapp.MainActivity$2
 com.example.foodapp.MainActivity$3
 com.example.foodapp.MainActivity$4
com/example/foodapp/RecipeDetailsActivity.java
 com.example.foodapp.RecipeDetailsActivity
 com.example.foodapp.RecipeDetailsActivity$1
com/example/foodapp/Listeners/RecipeDetailsListener.java
 com.example.foodapp.Listeners.RecipeDetailsListener
